---
title: Insert title here
key: 41b4b7b1bc4c2bdee2e606f746871362

---
## Using the String_SPLIT function

```yaml
type: "TitleSlide"
key: "2c8b3dfaff"
```

`@lower_third`

name: Allan Brooks
title: CDK Global


`@script`
Good morning everyone. In today's lesson we will learn how to use the STRING_SPLIT function. In SQL Server this particular function is used to separate words in a corpus or in a sentence. The STRING SPLIT function the beginning step when it comes to the tokenization process which will be discussed in a later lesson.


---
## Basic Structure

```yaml
type: "FullCodeSlide"
key: "a262277119"
```

`@part1`
STRING_SPLIT('text', 'delimiter')


`@script`
The STRING SPLIT function requires two parameters. The first parameter is the text in quotes and the second parameter is the delimiter. The delimiter is used to separate the text by various things like the comma or the semi-colon.


---
## Simple Example

```yaml
type: "FullSlide"
key: "45c2b2df93"
```

`@part1`
Text = 'Hydro,Mysterio,Sandman'


```STRING_SPLIT('Hydro,Mysterio,Sandman', ',')
```


`@script`
In this example the text we have three villains from the Spiderman universe that are separated by a comma. When using the SPLIT_STRING function we will insert the the text in quotes and use the comma as a delimiter in order to separate each villian.


---
## Using Variables

```yaml
type: "FullCodeSlide"
key: "b45ac46569"
center_content: false
```

`@part1`
DECLARE #HASTAG VARCHAR(50) = "Today-is-a-good-day-to-learn-SQL, 

@DELIMITER CHAR = "-"

```SELECT * FROM STRING_SPLIT(@HASHTAG, @DELIMITER)```


`@script`
The next example shows how to use the STRING_SPLIT function using variables.


---
## Time to do Practice Problems

```yaml
type: "FinalSlide"
key: "54077659ba"
```

`@script`
Now that you have seen some examples on how to use the STRING_SPLIT() function now it is time to go over some practice problems

